looking at our whole rabbit from the top side down
again four-legged animal super lean very low on
fat in terms of cooking how do we cook this very
similar to any other four-legged animal regardless
to size this is a great indication of how
the different methods applied to different cuts
so the more muscles are worked the more tough
they become and then we as cooks and chefs have
different cooking methods applied to them so the
back legs or the hind legs they work a lot we're
thinking about how this this animal would move
they're suitable for moist methods of cooking
stewing and braising in addition to the  fore legs
same idea it's the middle part that is suitable
for dry method of cooking roasting grilling pan
roasting the saddle and the ribs some restaurants
go to the extra step of taking these ribs cleaning
them up and making little tiny rabbit racks
that is additional technique here but this
gives you a better idea of the tenderloin
and the loin and again this is suitable for
sparse and dry method of cooking